	The ForestDB application currently has two main menus for
querying and managing the database. These menus are called the query
and manage menu respectively. Each employee has fields which store their
data. For example, one employee field is their name, which stores that one
particular employee’s name. If you want to query employees by name, you
should first select the name option from the drop down menu, and then enter
the name you wish to query for. Pressing the query button will execute the
query based on the currently selected field and the value to query by.
You can query employees by any field that they contain, such as ssn, email,
phone, skills etc. The manage menu provides multiple database tools which
manage the database. First off there is a save and backup button. The save
button will save any added employees to the database. When entering data
into the database, it is important to save the database before closing the
program, otherwise that data will be lost. The backup button automatically
generates a new backup of the database at the point in time in which the
button was pressed. Backups are unlimited, and the next backup will be
place in the data/backups folder with a name and a number, the higher the
number, the later in time the backup. The main database file is saved into
data/databases/forestdb, it is important to restrict privilege to this file,
as it contains all the employee data of the database. The add button will add
an employee to the database, assuming all of the fields of the employee are
filled out correctly below the add button. If the fields are not filled out
correctly, the label next to the add button will be updated with an error.
In order to remove an employee from the database, simply type their unique id
(found leftmost of the employee’s data in the database view box) and then press
the ‘Remove Employee’ button. They will be deleted from the database. At this
point in time, there is no way to edit an employee currently in the database.
If you wish to edit an employee’s fields that is currently in the database,
you should delete the employee and re-enter their data.